CMake swtich for audio support (#1480)
NVIDIA/DALI: CMakeLists.txt

option(BUILD_NVJPEG "Build with nvJPEG support" ON)
option(BUILD_NVOF "Build with NVIDIA OPTICAL FLOW SDK support" ON)
option(BUILD_NVDEC "Build with NVIDIA NVDEC support" ON)

> option(BUILD_LIBSND "Build with audio support" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(BUILD_LIBSND "Build with suport for libsnd libraryt" ON)
```
